Create documentation for omni bridge (#2441)
near/docs: docs/2.build/1.chain-abstraction/what-is.md

### OmniBridge

> The [OmniBridge](../../1.concepts/abstraction/omnibridge/overview.md) is a multi-chain asset bridge that combines Chain Signatures with chain-specific verification methods to enable secure and efficient cross-chain asset transfers. It consists of three core components:

Author: ```suggestion
The [OmniBridge](../../chain-abstraction/omnibridge/overview.md) is a multi-chain asset bridge that combines Chain Signatures with chain-specific verification methods to enable secure and efficient cross-chain asset transfers. It consists of three core components:
```

1. **Chain Signatures Integration**:
   - Enables NEAR smart contracts to generate and control accounts on other blockchains
   - Allows direct signing and execution of transactions on external chains
   - Provides secure message signing through MPC network

2. **Verification Layer**:
   - Hybrid verification approach combining MPC signatures and light clients
   - Chain-specific verification methods based on target chain requirements
   - Significantly reduces verification times from hours to minutes
   - Lowers gas costs across all supported chains

3. **Bridge Token Factory**:
   - Unified contract serving as both token factory and custodian
   - Manages both native and bridged tokens through NEP-141 standard
   - Handles token locking, minting, and burning operations
   - Supports permissionless relayer network for efficient processing

This architecture creates a robust bridge system that combines NEAR's ability to execute transactions on foreign chains with secure verification methods, while maintaining high efficiency and security through MPC threshold guarantees.

:::info

> For detailed implementation information and current status, see the [OmniBridge documentation](../../1.concepts/abstraction/omnibridge/overview.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For detailed implementation information and current status, see the [OmniBridge documentation](../../chain-abstraction/omnibridge/overview.md).
```
